Acknowledgments: be sure to acknowledge Jens.

Related work:

be sure to go through all the reviews we've received in the past and incorporate anything they have mentioned in terms of related work

split the 2nd sentence before "particularly in mining API" and fix up the sentence accordingly

In this work -> that work?

Our work differs -> from which?

Section 3 -> Chapter 3

while we dynamically observe test executions and also record static information -> while we statically record uses but also dynamically record test executions.

targetting the applications of a visualization tool, VizAPI and library fission -> targetting two applications: the VizAPI visualization tool and library fission

similarly, later, "the VizAPI visualization tool" not "the visualization tool, VizAPI"

I would say "under the recently-coined term" -> "and recently rebranded as"

I would add a , before "splits libraries based on client usage"

shade plugin~\footnote{\url... -> plugin\footnote{\url...

I think I would put sections in Chapter 2 and organize the related work along what you have sections for.

e.g.: https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/2734/taking-unncessary-space-after-e-g-or-i-e (or write "for example")

Chapter 3:

Using internal -> Clients using internal parts of the library require some...

We have evidence that... OK I guess I wrote that in the first place, but it's not as clear as it was when I wrote it. Let's expand on that and explain what sort of evidence we have.

Service Loaders: try to avoid breaking the right margin; do that by rewriting the sentence.

We use the libraries.io dataset: no comma after the footnote

Explicitly calling into internal classes: this is actually quite old; the first that I'm aware of it was DOS calls. https://manualzz.com/doc/19798977/the-following-is-a-summary-of-some-undocumented-dos-2.0..... I'm sure it's older than that. It is probably spending an hour looking into it as part of your thesis.

"However, we believe that the patterns observed in practice are unlikely to correspond to
actual bypasses." -> I can't remember what I meant when I wrote that, so you can fix it somehow.

Table 3.3 should probably be rotated 90 degrees.

Let's not say "some interesting uses". Instead, "shows selected uses".

some are from groovy (dynamic language) -> some are generated by the groovy dynamic language; some are for serialization; and some instantiate...

I kind of think for Table 3.4 I would make it narrower by saying pagehelper-\ldots-autoconfigure.

For Table 3.5 see if you can use a normal font size.

Table 3.7: don't start a new line in the caption. The table is also too wide for the column; go horizontal and use a bigger font.

"Recall also our earlier discussion about fastjson and how it could be fissioned". That's not actually earlier in the current configuration, right?

Table 3.8: normal font size

OK, so is there anything else that we want to put in Chapter 3?
